Isolate Endpoint Aggregated Command (#38990)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_19_32.md

#### Scripts

##### get-endpoint-data

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.8.1983910*.

> - Added new command **!endpoint** from Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the new ***!endpoint*** command from the Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection integration. 
```

##### New: isolate-endpoint

> - New: Added a new script- isolate-endpoint that This script isolate endpoints using multiple integrations and returns a success or failure message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: Added the new  isolate-endpoint script. This script isolates endpoints using multiple integrations and returns a success or failure message.
```
